*    The strength of a key is as strong as the algorithms implemented inside the distributing device.
*    The security architecture is designed such that memory and processing requirements for a responding device are lower than the memory and processing requirement for an initiating device
*    keys which can be used to
		> encrypt a link in future reconnections,
		> verify signed data and
		> random address resolution.

Transport Specific Key Distribution: 
	1. Encrypt link in future reconnection
	2. verify signed data
	3. Random Address Resolution

Pairing is 3 phase process : 2 phase mandatory , 3 phase Optional

	1. Pairing Feature Exchange
	2. Short Term Key Generation
	3. Transport Specific Key Distribution

First Exchange IO Capabilities: in Pairing Feature Exchange
	1. Just Works
	2. Passkey Entry
	3. Out of band

Transport Specific Keys : LTK (Long Term Key) , EDIV (Encrypted Diversifier)

#Phase 1 and Phase 3 almost same : regardless phase 2
#Phase 3 shall only be performed on link which is encrypted by STK from phase 2
#Phase 1 and 2 can be performed on encrypted or not encrypted link

Cryptographic Toolbox: Random Address , Pairing , Other Operations 

Security in BLE: 
	@Originates from Master; 
	@Slave can request the master to initiate pairing or other security procedures;
	@Slave in key distribution phase , reconnection can be encrypted , or master can verify the signed data
	@Master may distribute key , reconnection can be encrypted ,master random address can be resolved , slave can verify signed data

Definition of keys:
	1. IRK (Identity resolving key)
	2. CSRK(Connection Signature Resolving Key)
	3. LTK (Long Term Key)
	4. EDIV(Encryption Diverifier) to identify LTK
	5. Rand (Random Number) to identify LTK

Note: The distributed EDIV and Rand values are transmitted in clear text by the
master device to the slave device during encrypted session setup.



2.4.4 Encrypted Session Setup
During the encryption session setup the master device sends a 16-bit
Encrypted Diversifier value, EDIV, and a 64-bit Random Number, Rand , distrib-
uted by the slave device during pairing, to the slave device. The master’s Host
provides the Link Layer with the Long Term Key to use when setting up the
encrypted session. The slave’s Host receives the EDIV and Rand values and
provides a Long Term Key to the slaves Link Layer to use when setting up the
encrypted link.


Signing Algorithm: 
	@an LE Device can send signed data without having to establish an encrypted session with a peer device

Slave Security Request :
	@Slave device may request Security by transmitting :Security Request Command to master
	@Master may : Encrypt the Link : Initiate the Piaring : Reject the Request
	@If Pairing or Encryption Procedure is ongoing .. it wont send Security Request Command



LTK using Encryption Information command
• EDIV and Rand using Master Identification command
• IRK using Identity Information command
• Public device or static random address using Identity Address Information command
• CSRK using Signing Information command

The master may distribute to the slave the following key:
• LTK using Encryption Information command
• EDIV and Rand using Master Identification command
• IRK using Identity Information command
• Public device or static random address using Identity Address Information command
• CSRK using Signing Information command

Addition


